Update issue templates (bugs/features) (#1341)
nest/nest-simulator: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**

> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. For example,  I'm always frustrated when [...]
```
